content/work/search-star.md, before:

---
title: Search Star
date: '2017-02-01T22:12:03.284Z'
teaser: ../assets/searchstar_cover.png
templateKey: work
site:
  text: search-star.co.uk
  url: https://search-star.co.uk
role:
  title: Sr Frontend Developer
  at: Our Name is Mud
  link: https://ournameismud.co.uk/
client:
  text: Search Star
  url: https://www.search-star.co.uk

agency:
  label: Branding
  text: Supple Studios
  url: http://www.supplestudio.com/

design:
  label: Agency/Design
  text: Mud
  url: https://ournameismud.co.uk/
stack: Craft CMS, Canvas API, jQuery
image: ../assets/searchstar_desktop.png
mobile: ../assets/searchstar_mobile.png
---

This was fun to build! The design champs over at [Supple Studios]("http://www.supplestudio.com/") created a smashing new brand for PPC agency [Search Star](https://www.search-star.co.uk). 

[Our Name is Mud]("https://ournameismud.co.uk/") were tasked with building the new website with all the fancy new branding.  This included 100's of animated stars flying all over the shop. A video was used for the home page hero and all of the other arrow's darting about the place, forming various shapes, with built using the canvas API.

The backend is built using the incredible [Craft CMS]("https://craftcms.com").

Commit message:

fix linting errors, use ramda fns in place of object.entries

content/work/search-star.md, after:

---
title: Search Star
date: '2017-02-01T22:12:03.284Z'
teaser: ../assets/searchstar_cover.png
templateKey: work
site:
  text: search-star.co.uk
  url: https://search-star.co.uk
role:
  title: Sr Frontend Developer
  at: Our Name is Mud
  link: https://ournameismud.co.uk/
client:
  text: Search Star
  url: https://www.search-star.co.uk

agency:
  label: Branding
  text: Supple Studios
  url: http://www.supplestudio.com/

design:
  label: Agency/Design
  text: Mud
  url: https://ournameismud.co.uk/
stack: Craft CMS, Canvas API, jQuery
image: ../assets/searchstar_desktop.png
mobile: ../assets/searchstar_mobile.png
---

This was fun to build! The design champs over at [Supple Studios]("http://www.supplestudio.com/") created a smashing new brand for PPC agency [Search Star](https://www.search-star.co.uk).

[Our Name is Mud]("https://ournameismud.co.uk/") were tasked with building the new website. Part of the brief was to create a series of animations of 100's of arrows forming various shapes.

The backend is built with [Craft CMS]("https://craftcms.com").
